Rewrite tutorial (#2238)
opensafely-core/ehrql: docs/tutorial/index.md

The tutorial provides practical steps for learning ehrQL.

![An XKCD cartoon](xkcd-2582.png)

This tutorial will work through using ehrQL to:

> * identify patients who should be on the QOF register for diabetest, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* identify patients who should be on the QOF register for diabetes test, and
```

This tutorial provides practical steps for learning ehrQL.

> ![An XKCD cartoon](xkcd-2582.png)

Reviewer: nit: does this comply with [the licence](https://xkcd.com/license.html)?

Reviewer: wait, I just saw the link at the bottom of the page!
